gcp doc only app - Batch 1 (#2978)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/google/cloud-firebase.md

---
id: cloud-firebase
title: Google Cloud Firebase
sidebar_label: Google Cloud Firebase
description: Learn about the Sumo Logic collection process for the Google Cloud Firebase service.
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/google/GoogleCloudFirebase.png')} alt="Thumbnail icon" width="50"/>

Firebase is Google's mobile development platform. For more details, refer to the [GCP documentation](https://firebase.google.com/docs)

## Log and Metric types

* [Google Cloud Metrics](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/metrics_gcp)
* [Platform Logs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/appflow/latest/userguide/monitoring-cloudwatch.html)
* [Audit Logs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/appflow/latest/userguide/appflow-cloudtrail-logs.html)

## Setup

> You can collect the logs and metrics for Sumo Logic's Google Cloud Firebase integration by following the below steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You can collect the logs and metrics for Sumo Logic's Google Cloud Firebase integration by following the below steps.
```

| [Firebase Security Rules](https://firebase.google.com/support/guides/cloud-audit-logging/firebase-rules) | audited_resource | firebaserules.googleapis.com       |
| [Firebase Realtime Database](https://firebase.google.com/support/guides/cloud-audit-logging/firebase-realtime-database) | audited_resource | firebasedatabase.googleapis.com       |

* Collect **Platform Logs** using [Google Cloud Platform source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/google-source/google-cloud-platform-source). There are various platform logs which could be collected for Google Cloud Firebase. Here is a table listing these services with there respective resource type 

| Firebase Service | Resource Type |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| Auth Project | firebase_auth       |
| Hosting Site Domain   | firebase_domain        |
| Realtime Database | firebase_namespace       |
| Releases for Firebase Rules   | firebaserules_release        |
| Ruleset for Firebase Rules | firebaserules_ruleset       |

Note that while creating the sync as part of the **Choose logs to include in sink** section you can use the following query : 

```resource.type=<resource_type> resource.labels.service=<service_name>```

> where resource_type can be replaced with resource type of respective firebase product to fetch platform logs. And to filter audit logs, resource_type can be replaced with "audited_resource" and service_name can be replaced with service name of respective firebase product. These queries can then be seperated by an "or" condition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where `resource_type` can be replaced with resource type of respective firebase product to fetch platform logs. And to filter audit logs, resource_type can be replaced with "audited_resource" and service_name can be replaced with service name of respective firebase product. These queries can then be separated by an "or" condition.
```

### Configure metrics collection

> * Collect **GCP Metrics** using the [GCP Metric](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/google-source/gcp-metrics-source/) source. Note that in the Services dropdown, you'll need to select **Firebase**. For Google Firebase metrics and dimensions, refer to [Google Firebase metrics](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/metrics_gcp#gcp-firebasedatabase).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Collect **GCP Metrics** using the [GCP Metric](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/google-source/gcp-metrics-source/) source. Make sure that you select **Firebase** from the **Services** dropdown. For Google Firebase metrics and dimensions, refer to [Google Firebase metrics](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/metrics_gcp#gcp-firebasedatabase).
```
